[Music]
hey you're gonna love this I will guess
your name now you probably think it's
impossible but it's actually no big deal
I can easily figure out your name in
just a couple of steps no magic involved
here just some simple math before we
start don't forget to subscribe to our
Channel and turn on notifications so
that you won't miss a thing grab a
calculator and let's get down to
business
let's start off easy the first number
you need is the number of letters there
are in your name for example if your
name is Ashley then your first number is
6 you have to count the letters of your
whole first name don't use any nicknames
or shortenings the next thing you have
to do is add 5 to that number if you
have an A Oh II
why or you and your name if your name
doesn't contain any of these letters in
it just add 8 all right now here's the
part where your gender comes into the
equation so if you're a man multiply
your number by 2 and then subtract 4
from it if you're a woman multiplied by
4 and then subtract 8 so the next step
is pretty simple if your name starts
with our SD or H divide your number by 2
if not divide it by 4 alright and
finally subtract the total number of
letters in your first name from your
final number as you probably remember it
was your very first number and that's it
if your calculations were correct you
should now be left with a one or two
digit number give us a like if you did
everything right all right now it's time
for me to put my money where my mouth is
and finally guess your name here's a
list of final numbers with names
attached to them just find yours 1 Alex
to Jennifer 3 4
Hanna 5 Chris 6 Harry 7 Ashley 8 Sarah
9 Paul 10 Matthew what your number is 3
well how could you forget that it's
April full day I got you
pranks can come from anywhere don't
forget that so how are you gonna trick
your friends and family today tell us in
the comment section below you can just
send them this video and the prank is
done for you just say it anyway happy
April Fool's Day keep smiling and stay
with us on the bright side of life
[Music]